[Music]
molls on these places on your body say
surprising truths about you an average
human has between 10 and 40 of them some
people see them as blemishes but for
most they are beauty marks yes we are
talking about moles do you have at least
one of those then hit the like button to
join our club Brightside has done some
research for you to explain the meaning
of moles on different parts of your body
temples moles in certain places on your
body promise you extraordinary wealth a
successful career and family life some
moles speak of good health of a person
who has them a mole on your temple
indicates that you're a person who not
only loves to travel but will have a lot
of opportunities to do it we all
mentioned travelling as our hobby on all
possible profiles we create but you get
to do it that is the cool part you might
find yourself traveling for the sake of
exploring the world and making your
friends jealous or for your future
exciting job which one would you prefer
both sound good to me between the
eyebrows the area between the eyebrows
is the career sector of your face a mole
here means professional development and
promotion new exciting career
opportunities and higher salary will be
all yours
you won't stop growing as a professional
which is seen as a great and ambitious
destiny for many if you prefer the quiet
and comfort of your own home it might
mean you will find something to work at
without even going to the office
blogging painting baking the best
doughnuts in the world
you name it by the way if you are a
young adult watching this remember there
is still hope you will get a mole
between the eyebrows
they keep developing throughout our
lives but mostly during childhood and
teenage years
as we grow older they might fade away
between the eye and the eyebrow the area
between your eye and the eyebrows
symbolizes your home people who have a
mole in this home area are friendly and
outgoing individuals who at the same
time like taking the leadership role
they are interested in many things and
succeeded all of them or most of them
upper lips if you have a mole on the
upper lip you must be Cindy Crawford if
you are watching this and you're not
Cindy there is a second possible meaning
and probably a more realistic one you
are an excellent communicator so you
have like a billion friends you pay
great attention to your look and diet
and you are ready to spend a lot of
money on both because they mean so much
to you cheek bone are you among those
who have cheek bone moles click like if
you stand with us this beauty mark
promises you quite a lot of money you
will earn it all yourself as you will
most likely have a very well-paid and
important job you might become a
president like Abraham Lincoln for
example he had a mole on his face that
we can still see on the five-dollar bill
one weird thing about it is that the
mole seems to be on the opposite side of
his face we have all seen his famous
picture from 1864 which inspired the
Bill image right it turns out it is not
the bank note which is reversing his
face but the original photo the mirror
image is the result of using old photo
technology ok enough history for the day
let's get back to exploring our present
and predicting the future
Chinn those who have chin moles are
everyone's favorites
why because how can you not love a
person who is caring and affectionate
add responsible and full of enthusiasm
about work and you get a superhuman that
superhuman also loves to travel and
explore new things why not do it when
you can easily adapt to any environment
ear if you happen to have moles on your
ears it means you can hear much better
than others and it will get you far in
life just kidding it is a sign of a
lucky individual if you just started
looking for a mole somewhere on your
ears and found it test your luck buy a
lottery ticket and if you win you know
whom to thank for it
next most people who have neck moles are
not particularly excited about them it
is like a permanent pendant you never
asked for right well finding out its
meaning will probably make you change
the way you feel about them all if you
have one on the front of your neck you
will run into a huge fortune when you
expect at least of all if you have it on
the opposite side of your neck the back
of it you are very satisfied with what
you have and you know how to appreciate
it not bad either back those who have
moles on their back always have a
back-up plan note the pun however that
plan might not involve you be careful
with them trust but verify you know
check out every detail before making any
important agreements
arms our moles are very widespread and
it's a good thing it makes us happy to
know there are large amounts of polite
and trustworthy people in the world this
is what it indicates if you have moles
on your arms or at least one mole there
you will be happily married if you are
already married but are not particularly
happy at the moment look at your arm
moles and change your attitude towards
things a bit the palm of your hand a
mole inside the palm of your hand is a
good sign for those who love money what
did you just say who doesn't well some
people value simple joys of life and
spiritual things more or so they say but
anyway never running out of money
sounds like a good fortune to most of us
having ambitions and achieving your
goals as a strong leader is not bad
either a mole on the back of your palm
indicates good management skills
especially when it comes to financial
matters so you will not only have much
money but you will also know what to do
with it good stuff
feet having large moles covering most of
the body is very rare only 1 in 200,000
to 500,000 people can boast or not
really unless you find it very pretty of
that it is also very rare to have moles
on the spinal cord and the base of the
brain moles on the sole of your feet
prove that you are someone who loves to
travel and try new things including food
you have many friends and like to be the
center of attention your job most likely
encourages you to do that so you are a
good leader taking care of things
professionally
if you have twin moles on your sole or
any other part of your body it means
you're a complicated dual personality
you like to question things and to look
at your options you will think twice
before taking any decisions it is not
only the location of moles but also
their shape and color that matter if you
have round moles and prefer keeping
things calm and peaceful you are sweet
and good to others and like to look for
compromise oblong moles promise their
owners some good fortune in the future
you will make it yourself so it promises
some hard work involved too by the way
the shape of your moles is not the only
thing that can tell a lot about your
personality here is a link to another
awesome video what your eyebrow shape
can say about your personality back to
the good old moles if yours are
light-colored it is considered to be a
sign of good luck dark almost black
moles symbolize the obstacles you will
have to overcome on your way to success
it all ends well though no worries
finally achieving something you've been
fighting for feels more rewarding than
just being given it right when we speak
of dark moles we have to mention the
health aspect as well many people
believe they are dangerous and indicates
serious diseases like cancer it is not
always so moles can deepen throughout
our teen years or during pregnancy but
it is a good idea to get them checked by
a doctor anyway we hope you enjoyed this
very unusual personality test it thumbs
up if you can relate to it subscribe to
our channel to be the first to see our
fun updates join us on the bright side
you